Update runahead limit documentation. (#479)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/user-guide/writing-workflows/scheduling.rst

Runahead Limiting
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The scheduler runahead limit determines how many consecutive cycle points can

Reviewer: Do the cycle points have to be consecutive to be affected by the runahead limit?

Author: Yes, the runahead limit is computed by counting consecutive cycle points. (We've considered using just active cycle points, but don't have that at the moment).

prevents the fastest tasks in a workflow from getting too far
ahead (with respect to cycle point) of the slowest ones.
The scheduler runahead limit determines how many consecutive cycle points can
be active at once. The base point of the runahead calculation is the current
lowest-valued point with :term:`active` or :term:`incomplete` tasks present.

.. note::
The runahead limit can be set with :cylc:conf:`[scheduling]runahead limit`,
to an integer interval (for datetime or integer cycling workflows) or to
a datetime interval (datetime cycling only). 

>    Runahead limiting does not restrict activity within a cycle point.

Reviewer: Is this note not worth keeping? I think it helps clarify what a runahead limit can and can't do. Especially now queues actually have a performance benefit?

Author: Yes it is - I just moved it, and highlighted it in an "note" box. See lines 2080-2084 below

Reviewer: Sorry - missed that.

        initial cycle point = 2050
        runahead limit = P3  # max 4 active points
        [[graph]]
            P2Y = foo  # cycle points 2050, 2052, 2054, ...

The active points in this workflow, at some point during the run, might be
``2060, 2062, 2064, 2068``.

With a datetime interval, on the other hand, the number of active cycle points
depends on the cycling intervals:

.. code-block:: cylc

    [scheduling]
        initial cycle point = 2050
        runahead limit = P4Y  # max active point: base point + P4Y
        [[graph]]
            P2Y = foo  # cycle points 2050, 2052, 2054, ...

The active points in this workflow, at some point during the run, might be
``2060, 2062, 2064``. If the cycling interval was ``P1Y`` instead of ``P2Y``,
they might be ``2060, 2061, 2062, 2063, 2064``.

.. note::

   To restrict activity to a single cycle point at a time (just the base point)
   use a null runahead interval: ``P0`` or (e.g.) ``PT0H``. 

.. note::

   Runahead limiting does not restrict activity within a cycle point.
   Workflows with a large number of tasks per cycle may need :ref:`internal
   queues <InternalQueues>` to constrain activity in absolute terms.

.. note::

>    The runahead limit may be raised automatically to accommodate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The scheduler may automatically raise the runahead limit to accommodate
```
